Some general cleanup and fixing the build (#3783)
flutter/website: src/docs/cookbook/networking/delete-data.md

  path: /docs/cookbook/networking/authenticated-requests
---

> In this recipe, you'll learn how to delete data over

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This recipe covers how to delete data over
```

Reviewer: ![Screen Shot 2020-03-10 at 4 46 05 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5550175/76369352-7ef6d480-62f0-11ea-80d3-1b967ae41cc4.png)

the internet using the `http` package.

This recipe uses the following steps:

  1. Add the `http` package
  2. Delete data on the server

>   3. Update the screen

Reviewer: See above re: punctuation.

Author: These aren't all full sentences, so you don't use punctuation in that case. Mostly, though, these are also the names of headers, so I've left off the punctuation.
